you must ye indeed all pretty
long to watch a video
again and it should do it though
in the way or in the race are so in arth
one of a kind you knew
already day and that's what I have to do
you already day about anton and yes me
wanted to say now and
we'll have a different look then
own patrick star has a cuddly toy
big brother phantom pour his
Blümchen where no other chairman only
did you know that the beginning is corruptible?
and you over him with leckerlis always and
old bribe
did you know that there is no desire
to sit in it
but he did not think because visited
to have
did you know that others is to
close did you know that beginning a
exceedingly , and is and easy
only on a leash always pulls you knew
that aging before tried on my
bed I would still sleep
and he secretly comes to my room and
me then to which because of course
not in my bed that is allowed anyway
I keep trying that good
anton more momentarily goes up and up
irregular awakens that is on his
head sometimes be bigger rear part
so is higher and did you know that too
To look at the dearest eats and children
you loved everything about that
other than him clearly outward
has done which we all thought that
He is not such a wonderful helps the
has really become
Did you know that the day ended here
and I have a few more for you now
I show things I hope I have
I hope I have you I hope you have
the video has fallen and now it can
a few
with anton